enchantify special vision [1/2] (#77770)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/MAGIC.md

        }
      ]
    }
    "special_vision": [   // defines creatures (monsters or NPC) you can see in some irregular ways, mainly thermal or supernatural
      {
        "condition": { "and": [ { "npc_has_flag": "ELECTRIC" }, "u_see_npc" ] },   // this need to return true to see the critter; u is character, npc is critter being watched
        "distance": 20, // how far special_vision is applied. for technical reasons special_vision do not stack, having multiple special_visions of the same nature will not result in special_visions of bigger distance
        "descriptions": [ // if condition is true, this will assign a dedicated id (used for tiles) and text, depending on text_condition
          { 
            "id": "infrared_creature_tiny", 

>             "text_condition": { "math": [ "n_val('size') == 1" ] }, // be sure to not use condition, that can change in between moves (like any math with random result, `rand(1)` etc); 
>                         // while text with tags is stored and re-evaluated only when cursor chages it's position, tiles are re-evaluated every frame, even on pause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "text_condition": { "math": [ "n_val('size') == 1" ] }, // be sure to not use condition that can change in between moves (like any math with random result, `rand(1)` etc); 
                        // while text with tags is stored and re-evaluated only when cursor changes its position, tiles are re-evaluated every frame, even on pause
```
